Feat/cloud task scripts (#4236)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.3/process-data/manage-tasks/create-task.md

## Create a task using the InfluxDB API

{{% oss-only %}}
Use the [`/api/v2/tasks` InfluxDB API endpoint](/influxdb/v2.3/api/#operation/PostTasks) to create a task.

{{< api-endpoint method="POST" endpoint="http://localhost:8086/api/v2/tasks/" >}}

Provide the following in your API request:
##### Request headers

- **Content-Type**: application/json
- **Authorization**: Token *`INFLUX_API_TOKEN`*

##### Request body

JSON object with the following fields:

> - **flux** : raw Flux task string that contains [`options`](/flux/v0.x/spec/options/) and the query.

Reviewer: "options" is pretty generic. There are a lot of options a script could contain. I believe they specifically look for the `task` option.

> - **flux** : raw Flux task string that contains [`options`](/flux/v0.x/spec/options/) and the query.

Author: ```suggestion
- **flux** : raw Flux task string that contains a [`task` option](/flux/v0.x/spec/options/) and a query.
```

- **description**: task description

```sh
curl --request POST 'http://localhost:8086/api/v2/tasks' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Token INFLUX_API_TOKEN' \
  --data-raw '{
    "flux": "option task = {name: \"CPU Total 1 Hour New\", every: 1h}\n\nfrom(bucket: \"telegraf\")\n\t|> range(start: -1h)\n\t|> filter(fn: (r) =>\n\t\t(r._measurement == \"cpu\"))\n\t|> filter(fn: (r) =>\n\t\t(r._field == \"usage_system\"))\n\t|> filter(fn: (r) =>\n\t\t(r.cpu == \"cpu-total\"))\n\t|> aggregateWindow(every: 1h, fn: max)\n\t|> to(bucket: \"cpu_usage_user_total_1h\", org: \"INFLUX_ORG\")",
    "orgID": "INFLUX_ORG_ID",
    "status": "active",
    "description": "This task downsamples CPU data every hour"
}'
```

{{% /oss-only %}}

{{% cloud-only %}}

An InfluxDB Cloud task can run either an [invokable script](/influxdb/cloud/api-guide/api-invokable-scripts/) or raw Flux stored in the task.

- [Create a task that references a script](#create-a-task-that-references-a-script)
- [Create a task that contains a Flux script](#create-a-task-that-contains-a-flux-script)

### Create a task that references a script

> With InfluxDB Cloud invokable scripts, you can manage scripts, reuse them, and invoke them as API endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With InfluxDB Cloud invokable scripts, you can manage, reuse, and invoke scripts as API endpoints.
```
